BD-4879: Clarify example requests for merging users (#10037)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/user_data/post_users_merge.md

### Merging unidentified user into identified user

> This next example merges the most recently updated unidentified user with email address `john.smith@braze.com` into the most recently updated identified user with email address "john.smith@braze.com". Using `most_recently_updated` filters the queries to just one user (one unidentified user for `identifier_to_merge`, and one identified user for the `identifier_to_keep`).

Author: ```suggestion
This next example merges the most recently updated unidentified user with email address `john.smith@braze.com` into the most recently updated identified user with email address `john.smith@braze.com`. 

Using `most_recently_updated` will filter the queries to just one user (one unidentified user for `identifier_to_merge`, and one identified user for the `identifier_to_keep`).
```
